I'll do it myself, don't move
What should I bake for you?
Just to learn how to pick up girls
You still have the heart to joke
Since you said it was a joke
Why are you panicking?
Is there anything wrong with Lawyer Tang making a trip in person?
You are my client
It's my job to meet you
Good cooking smoke transfer to Lan Kexin
How do you know that?
When did you know?
Doesn't that engagement letter say I need you to tell me
Why did Cui Yan sue Lan Kexin?
It's not my husband who wants to sue him
I want to sue
I'm going to sue them for that dog man and woman
Also, I often take medicine
I can't remember many things clearly
Since you can't remember
How is the material written?
How did Cui Yan accurately block me?
Put the materials in my hands
It is clear that Cui Yan wants to sue Lan Kexin
Aren't they all the same?
Of course not.
You are my client and I am only responsible for you.
You just tell the truth
I can help you get what you want.
Otherwise you can only be pinched in the hands of others and take advantage of nonsense
Then tell me what this is